# CBT-CIP


GUESS THE NUMBER
The fun and easy project "Guess the Number" is a short Java project that allows the user to guess the number generated by the computer & involves the following steps:
1. The system generates a random number from a given range, say 1 to 100. 

2. The user is prompted to enter their given number in a displayed dialogue box.

3. The computer then tells if the entered number matches the guesses number or it is higher/lower than the generated number.

4. The game continues under the user guessing the number. You can also incorporate further details as:
Limiting the number of attempts.
Adding more rounds.
Displaying score.
Giving points based on the number of attempts.


DIGITAL LIBRARY MANAGEMENT
The main objective of this project is to provide a complete automated Library by digitizing its each and every functionality. Starting from the book-keeping, issuing of books, fine generation, advance booking and report generation all will be accomplished under one single project. The project will be a web based project with a database server responsible for maintaining every single detall of the Library. It has a very user friendly interface which can easily be operated by any non-technical person.
There are essentially two modules of this software;
Admin module: Admin will have complete control over the system. Admin has permissions to update, delete or modify any existing record or make a new entry (books and members).
Users: The normal users enjoy only limited privileges. They have a view access to the books. They can browse through the categories, search for a particular book, return and issue a book. They are also provided with an email option in case of a query.
